Add Python doc for Trellis (#327)
roots/docs: docs/trellis/master/python.md

Unlike most languages that have a single version installed at a time, and only
offer an "unversioned" single binary path (such as just `node`), Python can be
more confusing because some operating systems treat them separately.

Regardless of the OS, it's still possible to symlink `python3` to `python` for
convenience as well.

## Installing Python

### macOS

Newer versions of macOS like Monterey and Big Sur come with both versions 2 and
3. Annoyingly though, the unversioned `python` is 2.7x while `python3` needs to
be explicitly used for Python 3.

While using the system Python on macOS should work fine, the main downside is
that the versions are only updated when macOS itself has a new major version.

If you want to have more control over Python versions, we recommend using a tool
like [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) or [asdf](https://github.com/danhper/asdf-python)
to install specific versions globally (or even per project if that's needed).

We **do not recommend** installing Python from Homebrew. This might be
surprising since it goes against most guides and recommendations but we believe
using Python from Homebrew will cause more problems long-term due to its newer 

> "feature" of auto-upgrading packaages as described in [this article](https://justinmayer.com/posts/homebrew-python-is-not-for-you/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"feature" of auto-upgrading packages as described in [this article](https://justinmayer.com/posts/homebrew-python-is-not-for-you/).
```

be explicitly used for Python 3.

While using the system Python on macOS should work fine, the main downside is
that the versions are only updated when macOS itself has a new major version.

If you want to have more control over Python versions, we recommend using a tool
like [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) or [asdf](https://github.com/danhper/asdf-python)
to install specific versions globally (or even per project if that's needed).

We **do not recommend** installing Python from Homebrew. This might be
surprising since it goes against most guides and recommendations but we believe
using Python from Homebrew will cause more problems long-term due to its newer 
"feature" of auto-upgrading packaages as described in [this article](https://justinmayer.com/posts/homebrew-python-is-not-for-you/).

After Python is installed and working, you'll also need to ensure pip is installed. If `pip` or `pip3` does not exist, it can be installed like this:

```bash
sudo easy_install pip
```

### Ubuntu

Ubuntu 20.04 comes default with Python 3 available as `python3`
only. There's no "unversioned" `python`. If you want to install Python 2, it
will be installed as `python2`.

> The [`python-is-python3`])(https://packages.ubuntu.com/focal/python-is-python3) package
> exists solely as an easy to symlinks `/usr/bin/python` to `python3`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [`python-is-python3`])(https://packages.ubuntu.com/focal/python-is-python3) package
exists solely as an easy way to symlink `/usr/bin/python` to `python3`.
```

```bash
sudo apt-get install -y python3 python-is-python3 python3-pip
```

### Windows

Roots [recommends using WSL](https://roots.io/docs/getting-started/windows/)
when using Windows. Since WSL uses Ubuntu, the [section](#ubuntu) above applies
but you might need to also install `python3` (from within WSL):

```bash
sudo apt-get install -y python3 python-is-python3 python3-pip

> ```

Reviewer 2: This is identical to the command above so "but you might need to also install `python3` (from within WSL)" is confusing (both commands install python3).

Author: Ah I updated it and forgot about this. Removed, thanks
